feat: kubectl-cnpg psql subcommand (#1668)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/cnpg-plugin.md

By default, new created backup will use the backup target policy defined
in cluster to choose which instance to run on. You can also use `--backup-target` 
option to override this policy. please refer to [Backup and Recovery](backup_recovery.md)
for more information about backup target.

### Launching psql

> The `kubectl cnpg psql` command start a new PostgreSQL interactive front-end
> process (psql) connected to an existing Postgres cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubectl cnpg psql` command starts a new PostgreSQL interactive front-end
process (psql) connected to an existing Postgres cluster, as if you were running
it from the actual pod. This means that you will be using the `postgres` user.

!!! Important
    As you will be connecting as `postgres` user, in production environments this
    method should be used with extreme care, by authorized personnel only.
```

```shell
kubectl cnpg psql cluster-example

psql (15.2 (Debian 15.2-1.pgdg110+1))
Type "help" for help.

postgres=#
```

By default, the command will connect to the primary instance. The user can

> select to work against a replica by using the `--role` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
select to work against a replica by using the `--replica` option:
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
kubectl cnpg psql --replica cluster-example
```

psql (15.2 (Debian 15.2-1.pgdg110+1))

Type "help" for help.

postgres=# select pg_is_in_recovery();
 pg_is_in_recovery
-------------------
 t
(1 row)

postgres=# \q
```

This command will start `kubectl exec`, and the `kubectl` executable must be

> reachable in PATH to correctly work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reachable in your `PATH` variable to correctly work.
```
